Lim Ji-rok speaking.
Mr. Lim.
I'm sorry about last time. I apologize.
It was so urgent that--
When on earth are you going to send
our agents in the dorm back to us?
It's been exposed that Han was abducted
and not defecting to the North.
So Aemin Party is
in a tough spot right now.
That's your problem.
Send our agents
back to the North right away!
I'm sorry to tell you this,
but we have no choice but to make
the hostage situation public.
What?
The hostage situation?
What on earth is your big plan
you want to carry out?
As for the spies, how about we kill
all three?
Kill all three?
Are you seriously
thinking of killing them all?
Sir, it's just three spies.
If you sacrifice them,
you'll get 300 million dollars.
Just three spies?
Send our agents back to us unscathed!
Send them back right away! If you don't,
there will be war! You hear me?
Sir.
Yeon-hwa!
Send them a message
that they must come back alive! Now!
Yes, sir.
Anyway,
the Secretary's Office wants
to see you right now.
Right now?
Mr. Lim?
This is Choi Su-ryeon,
the deputy director of MSS.
I see.
You'll have to negotiate with me
from now on.
I'm sure
our spies consider
dying for our party honorable.
Kill them.
Comrade Choi Su-ryeon just told
the South to kill all of our spies.
STOP
SECURITY CHECKPOINT
SECURITY CHECKPOINT, RESTRICTED
What's going on?
You did well.
Could you put the rifle away?
Don't you know
about the Geneva Conventions?
Even during war, you can't attack any
of your enemy's medical staff or hospitals
that wounded soldiers are in.
What did you do to him?
Why isn't he waking up?
Midazolam is
a sedative you use before surgery.
Hold on.
Stand up.
Look. How could you suspect the doctor?
If they wanted to kill you,
they wouldn't have sent in a doctor,
but an armed agent.